docs: fix prebuilt install instructions (#1637)
lite-xl/lite-xl: README.md

Head over to [releases](https://github.com/lite-xl/lite-xl/releases) and download the version for your operating system.

### Windows

Lite XL comes with installers on Windows for typical installations.

> Alternatively, we provide ZIP archives that you can download and extract it anywhere and run directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, we provide ZIP archives that you can download and extract anywhere and run directly.
```

> To make the installation portable, simply create a `user` folder where `lite-xl.exe` is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the ZIP version portable, simply create a `user` folder where `lite-xl.exe` is located.
```

We might need to explain what portable means in our case.

Author: IMO there's no difference between zip and installer. You can indeed make the installer version portable, just no one would go though that.

> ### macOS

Reviewer: Just to keep as a note: in #1606 we promised to ship a non-DMG version, so we should keep that in mind before releasing the next version.

Head over to [releases](https://github.com/lite-xl/lite-xl/releases) and download the version for your operating system.

### Windows

Lite XL comes with installers on Windows for typical installations.
Alternatively, we provide ZIP archives that you can download and extract anywhere and run directly.

To make Lite XL portable (e.g. running Lite XL from a thumb drive),
simply create a `user` folder where `lite-xl.exe` is located.
Lite XL will load and store all your configurations and plugins in the folder.

### macOS

We provide DMG files for macOS. Simply drag the program into your Applications folder.

> **Important**

> > Since Lite XL is no longer signed, you **must** run this command before starting Lite XL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since Lite XL is not signed, you **must** run this command before starting Lite XL:
```

### Windows

Lite XL comes with installers on Windows for typical installations.
Alternatively, we provide ZIP archives that you can download and extract anywhere and run directly.

To make Lite XL portable (e.g. running Lite XL from a thumb drive),

> simply create a `user` folder where `lite-xl.exe` is located.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should explain that every config and plugin will now have to be put here.

mkdir -p $HOME/.local/share/lite-xl && cp -r data/* $HOME/.local/share/lite-xl/
```

#### Add Lite XL to PATH

> 

Reviewer: I'd an explanation about why this is needed.

If `$HOME/.local/bin` is not in PATH:

```sh
echo -e 'export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.local/bin' >> $HOME/.bashrc
```

> **Note**

> > Some systems might not load `.bashrc` when logging in.

Reviewer: Should we add the new `~/.config/environment.d/` way too? https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/environment_variables#Per_Wayland_session

> This can cause problems with launching applications from the desktop / menu.

#### Add Lite XL to application launchers

To get the icon to show up in app launcher, you need to create a desktop
entry and put it into `/usr/share/applications` or `~/.local/share/applications`.

> Here is an example of the desktop entry, assuming Lite XL is in PATH:

Reviewer: At this point we should probably just ship our own.

```ini

> # com.lite_xl.LiteXL.desktop

Reviewer: Is this comment needed?
I guess this is about the file name, so it might be better to put this clearly above.

[Desktop Entry]
Type=Application
Name=Lite XL
Comment=A lightweight text editor written in Lua
Exec=lite-xl %F
Icon=lite-xl
Terminal=false
StartupWMClass=lite-xl
Categories=Development;IDE;
MimeType=text/plain;inode/directory;
```

To get the icon to show up in app launcher immediately, run:

```sh
xdg-desktop-menu forceupdate
```

> Alternatively, you may log out and log in again for the icon to show up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may log out and log in again.
```

#### Uninstall

> To uninstall Lite XL, just run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Lite XL, run:
```

mkdir -p $HOME/.local/share/lite-xl && cp -r data/* $HOME/.local/share/lite-xl/
```

#### Add Lite XL to PATH

To run Lite XL from the command line, you must add it to PATH.

If `$HOME/.local/bin` is not in PATH:

```sh
echo -e 'export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.local/bin' >> $HOME/.bashrc
```

> On recent versions of GNOME and KDE Plasma,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively on recent versions of GNOME and KDE Plasma,
```
